README.md, before:

# WritingInColor

## Setup
First, ensure that you have either [Bun](https://bun.run/) or [Node](https://nodejs.org/) installed. 

While in this directory, enter `bun install` or `npm install` to install the dependencies.


#### Database
Make sure you have MySQL installed and the server is running. 
I ran into an issue with file access when setting up the server, but my solution is [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/53242775/mysql-server-instance-8-0-13-automatically-turned-off-and-on-randomly/78618450#78618450).

Next, copy the template in `.env.example` to `.env` and set your username and password.

Finally, run `./setup.sh` to setup the database for this project.

## Usage
To start the server, run `bun run start` or `npm run start` to start in development mode (i.e. without `vite`)

For development mode, you will need to either manually compile the scss or use an extension that automatically compiles scss.

To start in production mode, run `bun run production` or `npm run production`.
Production mode will automatically compile scss.

## Navigating the code.
- The server code can be found in the `server` directory.
- `client` is for development
- `dist` is generated by Vite and used for production.

## During Development
Edits require a server restart.




### User Roles
- Admin: All permissions.
- Moderator: Can delete comments, reviews, and community posts. 
- Instructor: Can manage courses and create blog posts.
- Developer: Can edit the website content.
- Student: Can create comments, reviews, and community posts.




### Notes to myself:
https://github.com/corbado/passkey-tutorial/tree/main
https://www.corbado.com/blog/passkey-tutorial-how-to-implement-passkeys

Commit message:

Configured SCSS. Configured Babel. Updated README. Other general improvements.

README.md, after:

# WritingInColor
I'm making sure that everything is top-notch in terms of security: biometric authentication, post quantum encryption, hashed and salted pbkdf2, SHA-512


## Setup
First, ensure that you have either [Bun](https://bun.run/) or [Node](https://nodejs.org/) installed. 

While in this directory, enter `bun install` or `npm install` to install the dependencies.


#### Database
Make sure you have MySQL installed and the server is running. 
I ran into an issue with file access when setting up the server, but my solution is [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/53242775/mysql-server-instance-8-0-13-automatically-turned-off-and-on-randomly/78618450#78618450).

Next, copy the template in `.env.example` to `.env` and set your username and password.

Finally, run `./setup.sh` to setup the database for this project.

## Usage
To start the server, run `bun run start` or `npm run start` to start.

## Navigating the code.
- The server code can be found in the `server` directory.
- `client` is for development
- `dist` is generated by Vite and used for production.

## During Development
Edits require a server restart.
Make sure you have SCSS (Sass) installed. It can be found [here](https://github.com/sass/dart-sass/releases/tag/1.77.5).




### User Roles
- Admin: All permissions.
- Moderator: Can delete comments, reviews, and community posts. 
- Instructor: Can manage courses and create blog posts.
- Developer: Can edit the website content.
- Student: Can create comments, reviews, and community posts.




### Notes to myself:
https://github.com/corbado/passkey-tutorial/tree/main
https://www.corbado.com/blog/passkey-tutorial-how-to-implement-passkeys
